feat: add Snowflake function typechecking support page (#9027)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/new-concepts.md

| Rich column lineage | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ |
| Detect data type and function signature errors | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ |

:::tip Supported Snowflake functions

> To see which Snowflake functions support typechecking in strict mode, see [Snowflake function support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-support).

Author: ```suggestion
To check out which Snowflake functions are supported in <Constant name="fusion"/> in `strict` mode, refer to [Snowflake function support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-support)
```

> To see which Snowflake functions support typechecking in strict mode, see [Snowflake function typechecking support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-typechecking).

Author: ```suggestion
To see which Snowflake functions support typechecking in strict mode, see [Snowflake function support](/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-function-support).
```
